feat(components): add `selected-index` to the `post-stepper` (#7266)
swisspost/design-system: packages/documentation/src/stories/components/stepper/stepper.docs.mdx

  <Controls of={StepperStories.Default} />
</div>

## Selected step

Current step and selected steps are two different concepts:

- The current step is the step following the completed steps. It is the next step the user should complete, but is not necessarily the selected step.

> - The selected step is the "currently active" step, on which the user is currently. It can either be a completed step, or the current step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current step and the selected step represent two different concepts:

- The current step comes immediately after the last completed step. It is the next step the user should complete, but it may not be the currently selected step.
- The selected step is the "currently active" step that the user is on. It can be either a completed step or the current step.
```
